## Composables

The module provides the needed composables for seamless integration with the backend.

#### `useNuxtAuth`

This composable provides the main procedures for fetch calls

- `login`, to sign-in with email & password with redirection to `redirect.home` route.
- `loginWithProvider`, to sign-in with oauth provider with redirection to `redirect.callback` route.
- `logout`, to sign-out with redirection to `redirect.logout` route.
- `fetchUser`, to fetch and refresh `user` reactive state of `useAuthSession`.
- `register`, to register with `email` `password` `name` inputs.
- `requestPasswordReset`, to send a password reset email.
- `resetPassword`, to reset the password after request.
- `requestEmailVerify`, to send an email verification email.
- `changePassword`, to change the current password.

Some specific error messages are thrown by these methods.

- `login`, `account-suspended` `account-not-verified` `wrong-credentials`
- `register`, `email-used-with-{provider}`
- `changePassword`, `wrong-password`
- `resetPassword`, `reset-not-requested`

#### `useAuthFetch`

This composable is a wrapper of `$fetch` API with automatic refresh of access token. It should be used in general for data fetching.

#### `useAuthSession`

This composable is meant for session refresh and storage.

- `user`, read only reactive state that holds logged-in user info.
- `getAccessToken`, can be used to retreive a frech access token (refreshed if expired). This can be usefull to pass access token on fetch calls without `useAuthFetch`.
- `revokeAllSessions`, revoke all active sessions except the current one.
- `revokeSession`, revoke a single session.
- `getAllSessions`, get all active sessions.
